DOC-12490 Target awareness of XDCR replications (#3830)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-xdcr/incoming-xdcr-replications.adoc

= Incoming Replications
:description: pass:q[Incoming replications details for a target cluster in XDCR are listed on the UI and can be retrieved using the REST API.]
:page-toclevels: 2

[abstract]
{description}

> When a replication is created, the target cluster is identified as such.

Reviewer: I find this sentence confusing, and I don't think that you need it.   Your explanation on lines 10 and 11 are fine without this sentence.

Can you delete this sentence -- "When a replication is created, the target cluster is identified as such."

A cluster is identified as a target cluster in XDCR when it receives replicated data from a remote cluster.
Then the replicating remote cluster is identified as a source cluster.

> 

Reviewer: Add:
On the source cluster, when a replication is created, the replication is called an outgoing replication, and on the target cluster, the same replication is called an incoming replication.

Note:  A replication is always created on the cluster that is the source of the data being replicated.

[#view-incoming-replications]
== View Incoming Replications

On the XDCR UI, if the cluster is a target for XDCR replications from remote clusters, the Incoming Replications section lists the incoming replications, grouped by the remote cluster name.

> Expand *Incoming Replications* to see the details of any incoming replications created on the remote cluster.

Reviewer: Expand the source cluster information under Incoming Replications to see the details of the replications created on the remote cluster.  In the example picture below, the Incoming Replications show that there are two remote clusters, East and South that are replicating data to the cluster.  From East, there is 1 replication incoming.  From South, there are 2 replications incoming, and the details of those replications are shown in the picture.

> There may not be any replications listed if the remote cluster has not yet created a replication.

Reviewer: Instead of:
There may not be any replications listed if the remote cluster has not yet created a replication.
Replace with:
If the remote cluster has not created a replication yet, the replication count will show 0.

However, the remote cluster name is listed because the remote cluster has added this cluster's connection details to its XDCR cluster references.

image::manage-xdcr/incoming-replications-on-target.png[,800,align=left]

The information for the above incoming replications is retrieved using the REST API.

> See xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc#complete-response[Cluster with replication specifications - a full example].

Reviewer: I think that lines 24 and 25 should be combined.

Suggesting:
`To see the same Incoming Replications info retrieved using the REST API, see xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc#complete-response[Cluster with replication specifications - a full example].`

To get the incoming replications information using the REST API, see xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc[Listing Incoming Replications].

== Calculating Incoming XDCR Connections

You can calculate the number of incoming XDCR connections for a replication with the following formula.

----
(target_nozzle_per_node) * 2 * (number of Data nodes on the source cluster) * (number of Data nodes on the target cluster)
----

The formula details are as follows:

* `target_nozzle_per_node` is the incoming replication's target_nozzle_per_node.

> * `number of Data nodes on the source cluster` is the number of Data nodes in the remote cluster that the replication is coming from (the SourceClusterNodes in the incoming replications information).

Reviewer: Clarification:
* `number of Data nodes on the source cluster` is the number of Data nodes in the remote cluster that the replication is coming from (the number of SourceClusterNodes in the incoming replications information).

* `number of Data nodes on the target cluster` is the number of Data nodes in the current cluster, the target of the incoming replication.

== Source Cluster Heartbeat Interval

Incoming replications information relies on heartbeats sent from the source cluster to the target cluster.

> For this reason, these source cluster heartbeats are also referred to as target awareness heartbeats.

Reviewer: Seems like "these" should be replaced with "the".

Instead of:
For this reason, **these** source cluster heartbeats are also referred to as target awareness heartbeats.
Replace with:
For this reason, **the** source cluster heartbeats are also referred to as target awareness heartbeats.

The incoming replication information displays on the UI and you can retrieve it by the `GET /xdcr/sourceClusters` REST API.
For more information, see xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc[Listing Incoming Replications].

> 

Reviewer: I don't think that lines 49 and 50 are needed -- it's repeat info.

Please remove the below 2 sentences:
The incoming replication information displays on the UI and you can retrieve it by the `GET /xdcr/sourceClusters` REST API.
For more information, see xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc[Listing Incoming Replications].

= Incoming Replications

> :description: pass:q[Incoming replications details for a target cluster in XDCR are listed on the UI and can be retrieved using the REST API.]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:description: pass:q[Incoming replications details for a target cluster in XDCR are listed in the UI and can be retrieved using the REST API.]
```

* `number of Data nodes on the target cluster` is the number of Data nodes in the current cluster, the target of the incoming replication.

== Source Cluster Heartbeat Interval

Incoming replications information relies on heartbeats sent from the source cluster to the target cluster.
For this reason, the source cluster heartbeats are also referred to as target awareness heartbeats.

The source cluster controls the interval for sending source cluster heartbeats.
By default, the heartbeat interval can range from one to five minutes, depending on replication activity.
The heartbeat interval determines the refresh rate of the incoming replication information on the target cluster.

The source cluster heartbeats are sent as soon as the target remote cluster reference is created on the source, even if no replications exist yet.
In this scenario, the incoming replication view on the target cluster shows only the source cluster information.
For the REST API example response, see xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc#example-source-without-replication-specs[Cluster without replication specifications].

> When source replication exists, the incoming replication view on the target cluster shows the source cluster information and its replication specifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When source replications exist, the incoming replication view on the target cluster shows the source cluster information and its replication specifications.
```
